lily:@michael, @bruce Please review for me if this content is true / legible and engaging enough to participate in the event? Tonight we will launch 3-hour training workshop "Recommended Algorithm Viewing Angles from System Engineers" The first seminar, co-organized by Cinnamon and Innovatube, is a series of events that builds and empowers the engineering community to keep up with the pre-eminent technological trends (frontier tech). The Recommendation problem, which is essentially matching, is present and influences many aspects of life. In other words, the method or algorithm recommended has long been studied by researchers and engineers around the world, and reached a certain degree of maturity. However, putting the technology into specific contexts is never merely a matter of algorithms, especially for large data-specific environments, such as designing systems responsive. High traffic is a vital issue for any of the recommendations. Through 3 hours of discussion and solution to a practical case study from the Japanese market, the objective of organizers to provide a practical perspective on system design in particular and the application of pioneering technology into general problems. This is an opportunity for 102 system engineers, or back-end programmers, to become a catch-up system engineer with the latest technology trends. Conference Information 1. Time 1400, Saturday, September 09, 2017 2. Location TOONG Co-working space Hoang Dao Thuy 3. Cost Free 4. Registration (link) Note To ensure the quality of the training-workshop, the 30 most suitable candidates will be selected and sent the final invitations. The team with the most complete solution will have the opportunity to participate in the evening with the speakers. Speaker Info 1. Takaaki Gordon Mizuno - Innovatube CTO 2. Michael Nguyen - Cinnamon Architecture Lead 
Michael:> "Recommended algorithm Viewing angles from system engineers" Should change to "Recommendation Algorithm A view from System Engineer"
Lily:well, it duplicates the word "math"
Michael:This is 102 chance for you - This is”102” chance for you
Michael:> 2. Michael Nguyen -> Michael Evans.
hamilton:“The first thematic seminar, co-organized by Cinnamon and Innovatube, is a series of events that builds and empowers the engineering community to keep up with the pre-eminent technological trends (frontier tech)” Missing last punctuation.
Lily: Ok
Michael:> well, it duplicates the word "math" Is this important?
Lily:Yes, it is in terms of the words in the title setting
Michael:"Recommendation system Problem and solution" how about this one?
Lily:That's correct but it's a little lack of catchy - catch the ears. The original name was System Design in the Recommended Problem
hamilton:> This is a 102 chance for you to system engineer. Boating a little to much, a very precious opportunity ... 102 too much
hamilton:> 3. Cost Free. FREE
Michael:> designing the system to meet the high traffic volume is a vital issue for any of the recommendations. -> designing the system to meet the fast response times and high traffic volume is a vital issue for any of the recommendations.
Michael:> initial name is System Design in the Recommended Problem. the Vietnamese usage is actually still wrong, maybe even dev doesn not know it's the recommendation system;
hamilton:>. The team with the most complete solution will have the opportunity to participate in the evening with the speakers. There is a chance that is not sure exactly, so say "will be invited"
Lily:ok
Lily:The original English name was System design in Recommendation Engine / Server / System. Repeatition of "system" again.
Michael: Recommendation system Issues and Solution! Is this ok ok?
Lily: If you find it clear , no need to catch the ear is ok then. But I fear it is limited only to those who are interested in the new recommendation system. I name the other way is to attract the system guys that interests with algorithms, in accordance with our target.So should contain the following keywordsSystem,Algorithms,Recommendation
Michael:Recommendation system Algorithms and system design. My maximum
hamilton:Correct. reason 1. Recommendation system is very basic, these two words are easy to understand and weigh many people. 2. Target to engineer system The "Algorithms and system design." Sounds somewhat lacking in humanity, sense, lack of experience, sharing, perspective ...), preferring Lily's side to "The view from the system engineer" , creating a feeling closer, but depending on the network
Lily: I still find option 2 satisfies 1. Target The system engineer has an interest in the algorithm 2. Catchy, human sense 3. No repeat words
Michael: You choose whichever fit the communication aspect. I find at technical side, third options are clearer. It's straight forward and directly to the problem.
Lily: Yes, I would like to keep the number 2. In addition to name we also described should not worry about information. The other feedback I have added already, thank you @michael, @hamilton, @pop